Binary creation guide (#20)
meilisearch/documentation: advanced_guides/binary.md

# MeiliSearch Binary

## How to compile meiliSearch

### Dependencies 

MeiliSearch is made in `rust`. Because of that `rust` and his package manager `cargo` must [be installed](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) to compile the project.

### Compiling

Once this is done, first we need to clone the project and go to the cloned directory. 

```bash
git clone https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB
cd MeiliDB
```

> inside the folder, lets compile meiliSearch. 

Reviewer: "Inside the folder, let's compile MeiliSearch"

# MeiliSearch Binary

## How to compile meiliSearch

### Dependencies 

> MeiliSearch is made in `rust`. Because of that `rust` and his package manager `cargo` must [be installed](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) to compile the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MeiliSearch is made in `rust`. Because of that `rust` and its package manager `cargo` must [be installed](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) to compile the project.
```

### Compiling

> Once this is done, first we need to clone the project and go to the cloned directory. 

Reviewer: Maybe precise what is this "this" in "Once this is done" ? For example, the "Once the rust installation"

Author: "Once rust and cargo are installed, we need to clone the project and go to the cloned directory. "

Reviewer 2: Now that you have Rust and Cargo installed on your machine, we need to download and move into the MeiliSearch project.

> Once this is done, first we need to clone the project and go to the cloned directory. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now that the Rust toolchain is installed, we need to git clone and go to the cloned directory
```

```

inside the folder, lets compile meiliSearch. 

```bash
# Production version
cargo run --release
# Debug version
cargo run
```

### Accessing the binary

Inside the `target`, depending on the version you compiled, you will find the following directories : 
* `debug` : Debug version
* `release` : Production version

Inside the chosen directory, there is the ` meilidb-http` binary.

## Usage 

```bash
USAGE:
    meilidb-http [OPTIONS]

FLAGS:
    -h, --help       Prints help information
    -V, --version    Prints version information

OPTIONS:
        --api-key <api-key>              The master key allowing you to do everything on the server. [env:
                                         MEILI_API_KEY=]
        --db-path <db-path>              The destination where the database must be created. [env: MEILI_DB_PATH=]
                                         [default: /tmp/meilidb]
        --http-addr <http-addr>          The address on which the http server will listen. [env: MEILI_HTTP_ADDR=]
                                         [default: 127.0.0.1:8080]
        --no-analytics <no-analytics>    Do not send analytics to Meili. [env: MEILI_NO_ANALYTICS=]
```

::: warning

> When **no master key** is set, no `X-meili-API-KEY` is needed on any route.

Reviewer: Cleaner and more consistence: `X-Meili-API-Key`
We wrote it like that [in the doc here](https://docs.meilisearch.com/references/headers.html)
